Dear Hiring Manager, 

I am a student in Robotics and Intelligent Systems with Computer Science as my minor at Constructor University.I am writing to apply 
for sales and steering position at TeamViewer. After speaking with current employees of TeamViewer, I realized that company’s values of 
excellence, continuous development, entrepreneurial spirit, and integrity align with the principles that guide me every day and that have driven me throughout my career. 
Moreover, I believe that my knowledge
 of the sales sector, passion for data analysis, polished communication skills, and four years of consulting experience will enable
 me to deliver superior value for TeamViewer’s clients and stakeholders. As a holder of Professional Certification for Data Analysis Program at Google, I spend every day 
at the cutting edge of the energy sector. In my capacity as an MIT Energy Initiative research assistant, I use statistical analysis
 to investigate trends in public acceptance and regulation related to emerging technologies. Regular classes in data science, 
optimisation, ventures and strategy, and technology policy have prepared me to help TeamViewer offer the expert services that
 set it apart from competitors. Furthermore, I will bring TeamViewer the same leadership skills that I used as the lead Research Data Analyst for Student Observatory Center at
 Jacobs University.  As a science writer and policy analyst at Societe Et Science, I developed 
superb technical writing and visual communication skills, as well as an ability to communicate and collaborate with clients at federal
 agencies such as EPA and DOE. I have developed an in-depth understanding of data analysis, program 
evaluation, and policy design. I take pride in my skills and experience in several domains: critical thinking and analysis, communication, 
and leadership. I note that TeamViewer values these same ideals, and I very much hope to use my abilities in service of the firm and its 
clients. 

Sincerly,
Qasim Rashid 